crewai_linkedin_agent/README.md, before:

# crewai_linkedin_agent

This project is a Streamlit application that utilizes the Crew AI agentic framework to process user input and generate responses.

## Project Structure

```
cewai_linkedin_agent_code1
├── src
│   ├── app.py
│   ├── agent
│   │   └── __init__.py
│   ├── utils
│   │   └── __init__.py
├── requirements.txt
└── README.md
```

## Installation

To set up the project, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:
   ```
   git clone <repository-url>
   cd cewai_linkedin_agent_code1
   ```

2. Install the required dependencies:
   ```
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

## Usage

To run the Streamlit application, execute the following command in your terminal:
```
streamlit run src/app.py
```

Once the application is running, you can input your queries, and the Crew AI agent will process them to provide relevant outputs.

## Contributing

If you would like to contribute to this project, please fork the repository and submit a pull request with your changes.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for more details.

Commit message:

Enhance README.md with project structure, installation instructions, features, configuration, testing, documentation, contributing guidelines, support, and acknowledgements

crewai_linkedin_agent/README.md, after:

# crewai_linkedin_agent

This project is a Streamlit application that utilizes the Crew AI agentic framework to process user input and generate responses.

## Project Structure

The project is organized as follows:

```
cewai_linkedin_agent_code1
├── src
│   ├── app.py                # Main application file
│   ├── agent
│   │   └── __init__.py       # Initialization file for agent module
│   ├── utils
│   │   └── __init__.py       # Initialization file for utils module
├── requirements.txt          # List of dependencies
└── README.md                 # Project documentation
```

## Installation

To set up the project, follow these steps:

1. **Clone the repository:**
   ```
   git clone <repository-url>
   cd cewai_linkedin_agent
   ```

2. **Install the required dependencies:**
   ```
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

## Usage

To run the Streamlit application, execute the following command in your terminal:
```
streamlit run src/app.py
```

Once the application is running, you can input your queries, and the Crew AI agent will process them to provide relevant outputs.

## Features

- **User Input Processing**: The application takes user input and processes it using the Crew AI agentic framework.
- **Response Generation**: Generates relevant responses based on the processed input.
- **Streamlit Interface**: Provides a user-friendly interface for interaction.

## Contributing

If you would like to contribute to this project, please follow these steps:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch for your feature or bugfix.
3. Make your changes and commit them with descriptive messages.
4. Push your changes to your forked repository.
5. Submit a pull request to the main repository.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for more details.
